---
layout: post
title: Week 11 Reflection & Group Project 
---

### the Cathedral and the Bazaar lesson
I benefited a lot from the Cathedral and the Bazaar lesson as I resonated a lot when I go through the core ideas from it. The "cathedral" model refers to the traditional model of software development, where a small group of experts work behind closed doors to create a complex piece of software, without soliciting input from the wider community. While the "bazaar" model of software development is more decentralized and open. In this model, the development process is open to the wider community, with many people contributing ideas, code, and bug fixes. And today, we use open source to describe such model. <!--more-->To start a good work of software, developer usually applies his/her personal itch. Although it may seem a small purpose, there are huge things can be researched and constructed for realizing it. Through such process, we would realize the power of a small itch, the chains of things behind the idea. I also resonate a lot with "Good programmers know what to write. Great programmers know what to rewrite." I am currently working as a full stack developer for a start up company. This company has already launched their app, but the maintainers think there are still spaces for improving. Therefore, the team asks us intern students to reconstruct the codes for both front-end and back-end. It may seem as meaningless, but through the process of rewriting, I found a lot of spaces for improving, and also there are advanced versions for some features. So this is a process of learning. I really love the weekly scrum meeting for our application, as the stakeholders will raise the suggestions for revising and provide us with the reflections from customers. That is the way we could find our mistakes and to further improve ourselves.

### Group work: 
This week, we had an in-person meeting about updating the contribution. Specifically, we looked at the review from maintainers for our [pull request](https://github.com/processing/p5.js/pull/6095). We revised the code based on his requirements and resubmitted for reviewing. Amber updated her discussion with the maintainers via email, but it seems that the maintainer does not have any good suggestions for beginner level issues. So we decided to further researched on the issues, especially the bug issue. Since we would like to study the core codes and work the entire next week for such an issue. We have made the decision on working on the [issue #5924](https://github.com/processing/p5.js/issues/5924). Additionally, I am still working on this [issue](https://github.com/processing/p5.js/issues/6008)