---
layout: post
title: Week 9 Group Work & Invited Talk
---

### Group work: 
This week, we had a meeting about updating what we have done for p5.js. For me, I downloaded the repository to my local machine and succeeded in running the unit tests. I also researched to some high piority issues and figured out where exactly the bug is, I am now continuing to research the baseline of their code to see how I can contribute to the issue. Additionally, I would like to work on a documentation issue regarding translation. Jack has already opened an issue regarding documentation as well. And Amber attended a virtual contributing event of p5.js. We all agreed that we should started with documentation issues first.

### Invited Talk: 
This week's talk is about FreeDOS. Last semester, I have learned Operating Systems, which I think is the most difficult course in computer science department. Since I need to develop my programs in virtual machine and simulate the linux system, file system and the virtual memory. Therefore, I need to totally work with commands on my terminal or (courant service virtual machine). So I got a chance to be familiar with DOS and understand the importance of DOS in development. FreeDOS is an open source project that allows users to play classic DOS games, run legacy business software, or develop embedded systems. I feel like Jim Hall is trying to create a collaborative environment for computer science students for engaging in the real world project, and at the same time promoting our skills through contributions/implementations with DOS.

### Contribution:
This week, I have researched into several doc issues in p5.js project and node.js project. I used a lot of javascript in my daily life, but I never looked into the documentation of one functionality closely, so I usually miss out some details of the function, so working on polishing the documentation issue also helps me understand how to use that function properly.