---
layout: post
title: Open Source Beginners
---


Open source software development allows its code to be avaliable to public, meaning that everyone can view, modify, and distribute the code. Open source shares a idea of collaboration and is based on community-driven development. We programmers from all over the world can make contributions to improve the open source projects by debugging, adding new features, or improving the documentations. Compared to closed source, open source projects can be developed more efficiently by allowing users to customize the existing software without starting from the scratch. In addition, open source can be constantly improved due to the transparent and collabrative development process.
<!--more-->
Last spring semester, I took Operating System, where I got chances to develop our own system calls and file systems by refering to linux source code. I felt it is very covenient to refer to the codes and understand the function by reading the documentations. It is very flexible and customizable for me to develop my own project. In addition, I also took Deep Learning last Spring, and I used a lot of algorithms from Tensorflow. Tensorflow is an open-source machine learning library developed by Google Brain Team. It provides a flexible, high-performance platform for the development and deployment of machine learning models. We programmers can customize our own models when encountering different practical problems. For example, we could construct our own version of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) by specifying the layers and parameters so that we can better find the correlation and logic among data. 

Therefore, I would love to take this course to see more open source projects. I would engage in contributing and developing. I hope I can make a contribution to a project that can be beneficial to someone!
