---
layout: post
title: Week 6 Open Source Projects
---

This week, we have completed the project evaluation for Python, I feel like python is a widely used programming language, so its open source project has an edge for attracting the contributors. As a CS student, I benefit a lot from this language, as I used it for solving some algorithms problems, applying in machine learning package, and doing data analysis and visualization. I encountered many circumstances that require me to build my own packages, and use the built-in functions to apply parameters. <!--more-->This kind pushes me to think whether there is a space for contributing to Python so that we, the users can further benefit from it. But as Python is mainly built upon C and C++, so there are some basic logic there I cannot understand. And also, the documentation is also a bit difficult for me to understand. I feel this is the biggest challenge for me to contribute to such open source project. I also would love to contribute to Node.js, as a CS student, I always dream of becoming a software engineer. And I am working for a startup company as an angular developer now, so I have to engage in with the javascript world. That is why I choose Node.js and freecode camp as my evaluation project, since they are so related to my career. Reading documentations and contributing for such project can not only help me understand the construction of such programming language, but also help me gain experience in full stack development coding.