---
layout: post
title: Week 3 Browser Extension Project
---

This week, we did several `git` exercises. I took Agile Software Development & DevOps last semester, so I have learnt how to use github as our collaborative team work. I got to know how to initiate a github repository, how to create branches, how to add and commit our code, how to cope with conflicts and how to merge. But it does not include the fork process since we developed the agile software together as a team. For open source project, I learnt from the class how to fork a repository, which can make our contributions in a safer way. We can use pull request for asking review of our individual contribution, thus making sure the contribution works correctly and can be merged to the original repository without any conflict. 
<!--more-->
Then we start our open-source group project for browser extension. We started from making several documentations so that our project is an open source project. There should be `README` file that illustrates our goals and gives instructions to users about the installation. Most importantly, we should have `LICENSE` file to protect our project and `CODE_OF_CONDUCT` file that provides the clear guidance and requirements for the proper behavior and conduct of the member of our community. We also have add `CONTRIBUTING` file to give specific instructions to users about how to make contributions to our open source project. After finishing that, we then move on to the actual code for our web extension. It is a bit hard for our team since we don't have much experience in constructing the web extensions. Although I have taken Applied Internet Technologies and Agile Software Development, I am still unfamiliar to some codes regarding the browser and tabs. So I just refer to the template codes provided by MDN and try to learn by myself. So far we have only constructed the simple version of our web extension. But we will keep learning about the codes and try to learn from others' open source project so that we can improve our project.