---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## Reflection on Code of Conduct

### Part 1
The code of conduct is a necessary document for an open-source project. It could define the proper behaviors in such communities so that every contributor could be respected and embraced. It also lists the scope for the instructions for users to follow and thus protecting the users under different circumstances. It also define the project maintainers' responsibility and provide conflict resolutions to users so that the users can feel safe and welcomed to participate in contributions. Other projects can benefit from such documents by adding instructions for their projects to promote a good community.

One difference between the code of conduct for [Go Project](https://go.dev/conduct) and the code of conduct for [the Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct/) lies in the scope. Go project's scope applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community, while Contributor Covenant's scope within all project spaces, and it also applies when an individual is representing the project or its community in public spaces. Basically, Contributor Covenant's scope is larger than the one for Go Project as it considers more circumstances. In addition, Contributor Covenant will investigate and respond to each complaint while Go Project will investigate them but not respond to each complaint. I think Go Project changes some instructions because the scope in Covenant is too large that there might be cases that are irrelevant to the development of project itself. 

Eclipse also has a [code of conduct](https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php), which is a bit different from the documents above. Specifically, it has more specification in each section, especially in how would the maintainers respond to misbehaviors. Additionally, it also covers a larger scope where the code of conduct could apply, like working Group, and Interest Group spaces and communication channels of the Eclipse Foundation. I think Eclipse is trying to proetect the users as best as they can.

### Part 2
Code of Conduct for Sugar Labs (https://wiki.sugarlabs.org/go/Sugar_Labs/Legal/Code_of_Conduct) is quite different from the one for Go Project since it is based on the [Ubuntu Code of Conduct](https://ubuntu.com/community/governance/code-of-conduct). Precisely, it adds a section for brief introduction to the target group of this project and thus specifying the community enviornment. Additionally, it is more general about what the users should obey in the community and how to solve conflicts. It does not specify the scope of such document in details and the responsibility of their project maintainers. But as I stated above, it introduces the basic information of this project thus giving the users an implicit instruction of their responsibilities and the scope of document.

### Part 3
I took AIT and Agile Software Engineering last semester, so I gained much experience in developing full stack projects by using Javascript. For front-end, we usually use React, which is actually an open source library for javascript. The code of conduct for [React](https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/), it does not change any from the Contributor Covenant.

## Reflection on our Browser Add-on project
I have a little experience with browser extension during last semester, since I work with a team for developing a web application. But our extension is very limited, as I browsering for the libraries for extensions on firefox, I was surprised and inspired a lot from some extensions. I noticed that we could work on extension project together for build an extension that we students/users can really benefit from. I am glad that I make friends on this collabration project, and we have a great teamwork for following up the project. 