---
layout: post
title: Week 4 Presentation
---

This week, we finished the browser extension project and made a presentation to others. We made a collaboration on this project and each of us make a contribution to it. For Nicole, she made our code of conduct and contributing files. She also helped me find the icons for our extension. Estela made the readme and helped Nicole improved information in other files. We discussed the idea of our project together and listed goals that we would like to achieve. I mainly implemented the code part and Nicole and Estela helped me review the code and made the comments. Together, we made a presentation slides to better show others our group work.

I have learned a lot about browser-related code in javascript. For example, we have to set the tabs that can trigger our extensions. We also have to include the types of tabs in our `manifest.json`. In addition, we need to send proper messages from our front-end to our back-end so that we could trigger the function of our extensions. But I am still not clear why our extension cannot navigate to different websites in multiple clicks. I added an issue in our project, hoping someone who is expert in extension can help us fix this issue.

The presentation that impressed me the most is the team Youtube-Customizer, since there are lots of functions embodied in their extension, such as changing the background color, the tab color and the search bar's color, filtering the contents, and hiding the recommendation bars. I feel like to select each element from the front-end of youtube requires a lot of research, and changing them also requires a lot of front-end work. I am not good at front-end development, so I would love to learn a lot from their open-source project.