---
layout: post
title: Week 14 Open Sorce and ____ & Group Project 
---

### Reflection
This week, we mainly talked about the application of Open Source Projects in different areas. The reason why there are so many applications of open source idea is because the principles of open source, including transparency, collaboration, and community-driven development, can be applied in almost any field. And such principles need people, both the maintainers and the contributors to subject to. As professor mentioned, the idea that starts an open source project may be very simple, not including the ambitious purpose like making profits or benefiting large fields, but to have specific usage in one aspect. As maintainers and contributors work together, this specific aspect could be explored with multiple values that can be applied to different areas. And the experience in contributing an open source project is so precious that we not only gain the code experience but also gain the communication skills and learn how to create a collaborative and friendly community.<!--more-->

### Group work: 
This week, we had an in-person meeting about summarizing our contributions as we are going to have a presentation. Specifically, we finished more complex implementations of a specic package from p5.js, called `FrameBuffer` as we would like to contribute to [this issue](https://github.com/processing/p5.js-website/issues/1340). Through the process of implementing complex examples, we got much more experience in different functions from p5.js package. Therefore, we learned further and deeper about p5.js and we have had our own versions of design. Then, we started to make a presentation, so we reflected the whole semester, about how we collaborated, how we learn together and explore together, what we have learned / benefited from this group project. We are so glad to meet each other as we really benefit a lot from this project, not only in terms of coding abilities, but also in terms of a small community.
