---
layout: post
title: Week 13 Reflection & Group Project 
---

### Reflection
This week, we mainly have a discussion over Open Source in Business Models. The business models based on open source software can vary widely, and businesses can use open source software in different ways to create value. There are several values highlighted. The first is cost saving, using open source software can save businesses significant amounts of money compared to using proprietary software. Since the source code is publicly available, businesses can use, modify, and distribute the software without paying licensing fees. The second is Customization, as businesses can modify open source software to meet their specific needs. This means that they can create custom software solutions that are tailored to their business processes and workflows. The third is Dual Lisence. Some open source projects offer dual licensing, where the software is available under both an open source license and a proprietary license. Businesses can use the open source version of the software for free, but they can also purchase the proprietary license to gain additional features and support. <!--more-->

### Group work: 
This week, we had an in-person meeting about updating the contribution. Specifically, we got the approval for [this issue](https://github.com/processing/p5.js-website/issues/1340). During the last week, we researched on p5.Framebuffer package/class as this issue could be built upon this package. We succeeded in implementing a sample and submitted it for reviewing. We are waiting for the reviews and we are continuing in implementing more complex and more artistic samples for contributing the documentation.

### Personal contribution:
This week, I made two contributions. The first one is [express.js](https://github.com/expressjs/session/issues/936), as I help answer a question in implementing session package when applying passport.js. The second is to give a suggestion about the readme file for a startup open source project. The issue is [this link](https://github.com/Tablane/tablane/issues/36)